README.md, before:

[![NuGet Status](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/State.Fody.svg?style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/State.Fody/)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/0989caao751b40v2/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/msioen/state-fody/branch/master)


## This is an add-in for [Fody](https://github.com/Fody/Fody/)

[Introduction to Fody](http://github.com/Fody/Fody/wiki/SampleUsage)

This add-in adds an attribute which will update a boolean state during method execution. It's set to true while the method executes and resets to false once the method returns.

Some background info and details can be found on [my blog](https://michielsioen.be/2017-10-21-il-weaving/)

### Configuration options
Name | Default value | Description
--- | --- | ---
CountNestedStateChanges | false | If enabled the passed property/field isn't just set to true/false but a 'counter' is used. If the propery can change in submethods as well this makes sure it will only be set to true/false over all nested methods instead of changing multiple times.

### Your code
```c#
[AddState("IsLoading")]
public void TestProperty()
{
    Console.WriteLine("TestProperty");
}

[AddState("IsTesting")]
public async Task<int> TestAsync3(int input)
{
    await Task.Delay(100);
    Console.WriteLine("TestAsync3");
    return input;
}
```

### What gets compiled
```c#
[AddState ("IsLoading")]
public void TestProperty ()
{
	this.IsLoading = true;
	try {
		Console.WriteLine ("TestProperty");
	} finally {
		this.IsLoading = false;
	}
}

// Note - for async methods the weaving happens in the created nested method
[AddState ("IsTesting"), AsyncStateMachine (typeof(Async.<TestAsync3>d__12))]
public Task<int> TestAsync3 (int input)
{
	Async.<TestAsync3>d__12 <TestAsync3>d__;
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>4__this = this;
	<TestAsync3>d__.input = input;
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder = AsyncTaskMethodBuilder<int>.Create ();
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>1__state = -1;
	AsyncTaskMethodBuilder<int> <>t__builder = <TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder;
	<>t__builder.Start<Async.<TestAsync3>d__12> (ref <TestAsync3>d__);
	return <TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder.Task;
}

void IAsyncStateMachine.MoveNext ()
{
  if (this.<>1__state == 0) {
	  this.<>4__this.IsTesting = true;
  }
	try {
		int num = this.<>1__state;
		int result;
		try {
			TaskAwaiter awaiter;
			if (num != 0) {
				awaiter = Task.Delay (100).GetAwaiter ();
				if (!awaiter.IsCompleted) {
					this.<>1__state = 0;
					this.<>u__1 = awaiter;
					this.<>t__builder.AwaitUnsafeOnCompleted<TaskAwaiter, Async.<TestAsync3>d__12> (ref awaiter, ref this);
					return;
				}
			} else {
				awaiter = this.<>u__1;
				this.<>u__1 = default(TaskAwaiter);
				this.<>1__state = -1;
			}
			awaiter.GetResult ();
			Console.WriteLine ("TestAsync3");
			result = this.input;
		} catch (Exception exception) {
			this.<>1__state = -2;
			this.<>t__builder.SetException (exception);
			return;
		}
		this.<>1__state = -2;
		this.<>t__builder.SetResult (result);
	} finally {
		if (this.<>1__state == -2) {
			this.<>4__this.IsTesting = false;
		}
	}
}

```

Commit message:

Netstandard (#6)
netstandard support + nuget package fix

README.md, after:

[![NuGet Status](http://img.shields.io/nuget/v/State.Fody.svg?style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/State.Fody/)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/0989caao751b40v2/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/msioen/state-fody/branch/master)


## This is an add-in for [Fody](https://github.com/Fody/Fody/)

[Introduction to Fody](http://github.com/Fody/Fody/wiki/SampleUsage)

This add-in adds an attribute which will update a boolean state during method execution. It's set to true while the method executes and resets to false once the method returns.

Some background info and details can be found on [my blog](https://michielsioen.be/2017-10-21-il-weaving/)

To build the project locally execute following command in the repo:
```
nuget install -ExcludeVersion ILRepack -OutputDirectory tools
```

### Configuration options
Name | Default value | Description
--- | --- | ---
CountNestedStateChanges | false | If enabled the passed property/field isn't just set to true/false but a 'counter' is used. If the propery can change in submethods as well this makes sure it will only be set to true/false over all nested methods instead of changing multiple times.

### Your code
```c#
[AddState("IsLoading")]
public void TestProperty()
{
    Console.WriteLine("TestProperty");
}

[AddState("IsTesting")]
public async Task<int> TestAsync3(int input)
{
    await Task.Delay(100);
    Console.WriteLine("TestAsync3");
    return input;
}
```

### What gets compiled
```c#
[AddState ("IsLoading")]
public void TestProperty ()
{
	this.IsLoading = true;
	try {
		Console.WriteLine ("TestProperty");
	} finally {
		this.IsLoading = false;
	}
}

// Note - for async methods the weaving happens in the created nested method
[AddState ("IsTesting"), AsyncStateMachine (typeof(Async.<TestAsync3>d__12))]
public Task<int> TestAsync3 (int input)
{
	Async.<TestAsync3>d__12 <TestAsync3>d__;
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>4__this = this;
	<TestAsync3>d__.input = input;
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder = AsyncTaskMethodBuilder<int>.Create ();
	<TestAsync3>d__.<>1__state = -1;
	AsyncTaskMethodBuilder<int> <>t__builder = <TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder;
	<>t__builder.Start<Async.<TestAsync3>d__12> (ref <TestAsync3>d__);
	return <TestAsync3>d__.<>t__builder.Task;
}

void IAsyncStateMachine.MoveNext ()
{
  if (this.<>1__state == 0) {
	  this.<>4__this.IsTesting = true;
  }
	try {
		int num = this.<>1__state;
		int result;
		try {
			TaskAwaiter awaiter;
			if (num != 0) {
				awaiter = Task.Delay (100).GetAwaiter ();
				if (!awaiter.IsCompleted) {
					this.<>1__state = 0;
					this.<>u__1 = awaiter;
					this.<>t__builder.AwaitUnsafeOnCompleted<TaskAwaiter, Async.<TestAsync3>d__12> (ref awaiter, ref this);
					return;
				}
			} else {
				awaiter = this.<>u__1;
				this.<>u__1 = default(TaskAwaiter);
				this.<>1__state = -1;
			}
			awaiter.GetResult ();
			Console.WriteLine ("TestAsync3");
			result = this.input;
		} catch (Exception exception) {
			this.<>1__state = -2;
			this.<>t__builder.SetException (exception);
			return;
		}
		this.<>1__state = -2;
		this.<>t__builder.SetResult (result);
	} finally {
		if (this.<>1__state == -2) {
			this.<>4__this.IsTesting = false;
		}
	}
}

```
